I'm turning 60 in a few weeks and my
super sweet 16th
has to be turned
hi I'm Bryan Cranston six-time Emmy
award-winning act and I'm sexy I'm cute
and I love the spotlight despite my
success I still live at home with my
mother and father and Canoga Park
California I'm their little superstar a
very good breakfast really important yes
miss better love you to book the party
planner or what meeting with him
tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m. we're
meeting with a party no no no this is my
party somebody gotta watch the budget
budget dad this is my time to shine
bright like a diamond shine bright like
a diamond in the sky I swear to God if
my parents make me plan this party like
I'm a poor person I will lose my will be
lost
Michael we need you to be reasonable
reasonable were you reasonable in
skipping my Broadway debut because of
your dialysis the either of you think
about my feelings oh right just set up
the party planner try to be good parents
get away from me Bryan can be difficult
but deep down he's really a sweet boy
he's an ass I said write it down
who's ready to party a party planner I
see a cocoa all the biggies
and I'm very much looking forward to
meeting Brian our first theme Hawaiian
Brian
we could have coconuts maybe that obese
man who's saying somewhere over the
rainbow we could get him to come sing
he's dead I'm so sorry you have others
showbiz you're in show biz
lights camera Cranston why hello
everyone how original
no this is it one that's called hats off
to Brian and people would wear different
hats like fedoras you are the limp of
ideas and believe he was proposing I
mean I need to make sure that Jim bee
sees my vision crystal clear
my sweet 60 has to be ferocious
do you understand okay did he just say
ferocious he did perishes I'm so glad
you said that because I do have one more
idea we didn't make a poster for it but
get this the Brian King like The Lion
King but with your name in place of the
word lion Brian the king of the jungle
roar
roaring your way in 60 ok can we get a
lion rely on real lion yes yes oh yes I
need one that actually ate some people
caramel can get back I'll take care
though he's Mexican because you'd be the
king of me
Brian honey the budget waiting honey
yeah
shut up mom
yeah mom could just zip it for a little
while
thank you he's your only child this is
your Mufasa was he the good one Mufasa
yeah he was too good this is your Lion
King the Brian King now music my hats
music I love that too I want Cisco Cisco
Cisco the thong song hello oh yeah the
thoughts yes Oh such a good song I think
we have a party that songs on all the
phone we're a thong-wearing family we
all my photos show us your thumbs
I am fully right now full in addition to
Jim be and the crown handler my bestie
Bo is coming over to help me pick out
the most bomb-ass outfit ever
yo make my boy Brian look you look like
a sleepy refugee that hats to Hedy
yo that's right tiny yeah and my balls
are not giving me camels are they that's
perfect oh that's a yes
are you ready to try it some crowns I am
yeah I want to try on some too no it's
it's my day
it's my day yeah I put this on your head
your majesty you may yeah you look great
more - no way three two can't be more
than that another one no way I want
another one but they're stacked so high
I want another crown
it's then see it's my party
I feel like I'm so much better than any
of you and you find that crown I found
five dad do you need a help picking one
out mom I'm not picking one out I would
never be taken seriously if at my own
party I wear the same crown all night
please between the crowns and then car
you won't we can't afford it if my
parents mention the budget one more time
I am going to pop off it's the crown and
the Lambo
okay that's all I asked for and the
party that's it and Cisco and that was
it boy another boom you are ruining my
party and you are ruining my life
okay you can have three crowds fine okay
five we're gonna be dead soon anyway
I'll buy you a beautiful casket so today
is the day it's time to partay
Oh Bobby when y'all my thing when I'm a
bottom I cannot wait to see my peoples
faces when they see me make my grand
entrance
July and y'all
Oh
we would stop fire
everything stops where is Jimmy I need
to see Jimmy right now tonight Jimmy are
you having fun my birthday King no there
is a big sign across my birthday stage
that says the Brian King and that is not
how I spell my name is BR why am so he
went with ion like lie on the Lion King
okay let's get another crown on your
head I think this will make you much
happier
it says prior on purpose
oh the spelling is wrong with you an
accord
I know Brian's real famous but he's in
come back and pretends that I wasn't
here I've just
right so far this has been the worst
night of my life that I I don't know how
didn't get any worse no no no no no no
no no no is local approaching I
look at my party okay
go home and change buddy are you serious
gone the change go home and Jake right
now funny Brian I carried your ass purse
shake chairs steal my thunder now go
home and change
well I'm gonna have my dad throw your
ass out you even had your dad to help me
out
yeah how do you like that dad boom
half this is half
Oh
Thomas
Tony huh oh wow you're gonna really
screw me out just well turn oh hey you
know what you know what I told you I I
said I love Trumbo yeah guess what I
didn't even see it I didn't see trouble
oh yeah happy birthday yeah yeah I
wore best and Brian knows it
hey everybody is everyone having a wild
time
are you
happy
No
no one but Cisco sings at my party do
you want to blow those out yeah
get out
Oh daddy lifts me up by Simba I feel
like a king Brian we have one more
surprise for you
pop the hood
over that truck for like 45 minutes
oh you well I mean um no thank you
do you want to sing
knocks town on my super sweet 16 you hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die